Big part of the game could be the spirit is only something that darius sees. His sister and his enemies think he is crazy, or maybe his enemies know of it's true nature.
The spirit believes that all non believers should be killed and one of the reasons his sister passed was that she was "corrupted by evil" , the spirit did darius a "favor" because 
he knew he could not ask Darius to take his own sisters life.

Names:
A boy and his god
Vizio

More lightning in the background of stage 1.

Darius


Darius. The spirits call upon you once more to carry out their will.
I'm afraid I can do that no longer. This bloodshed has cost me my sister, who was stolen from me by your enemies.
Your sister is not yet gone, Darius. Destroy the squid demon, and she will be alive in your arms once more.
FLASH
Game start

My sister Lily was taken while I slaughtered those who defied 
you. This is too high a price.

Vizio Eye: A7E4FF
Darius: A8A8A8
Narrator: E03700
Lily: CF78CF

First level ends where darius finds a motorcycle. After this player can travel too different levels?
Second level player riding motorcycle, can change layers, fights enemies that are on a truck
Third level factory, have a giant statue stomping around in the background
fourth level battle the statue
fifth level travel through the sewers/ green lit dungeon, fighting ninjas and shit
sixth level, final battle against the squid
7th level, battle your sister?!



Where the hell am I? 
You are in the lair of the squid himself Darius. 


Powerups:
Shadow Kick: Break through previously unbreakable wooden walls, invincible while you kick. Special + Left Or Right
Mighty Eye's POWER: A mighty beam zaps through the sky, where darius sticks his arm up, a big flash happens and all enemies on screen die and all doors are stopped temporarily

Doors:
Some have health, some have secrets, most have ammo
Secrets keep people replaying

Tutorial
Walk around
jump
duck slide
punch glass
jump high
jump kick
open door for ammo
shoot stuff
pick up clip for ammo

